Added sample code to showcase inline image download (#3014)
microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/csharp_dotnetcore/56.teams-file-upload/README.md

> Note this `manifest.json` specified that the bot will be installed in "personal" scope which is why you immediately entered a one on one chat conversation with the bot. Please refer to Teams documentation for more details.

1. Sending a message to the bot will cause it to respond with a card that will prompt you to upload a file. The file that's being uploaded is the `teams-logo.png` in the `Files` directory in this sample. The `Accept` and `Decline` events illustrated in this sample are specific to Teams. You can message the bot again to receive another prompt.

1. You can send a file to the bot as an attachment in the message compose section in Teams. This will be delivered to the bot as a Message Activity and the code in this sample fetches and saves the file.

> 1. You can also send inline image in message compose section. This will part of attachments in Activity and requires Bot's access token to fetch the image.

Reviewer: Sorry, i do not understand what this means?

`You can also send inline image in message compose section. This will part of attachments in Activity and requires Bot's access token to fetch the image.`

Author: @EricDahlvang  - For image files we have two options to upload:
1. Upload image as attachment: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31851992/104083098-ba8c6300-5261-11eb-84c1-687beca39184.png)
This is currently handled in existing sample here: [TeamsFileUploadBot.cs#L36](https://github.com/microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples/blob/main/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/56.teams-file-upload/Bots/TeamsFileUploadBot.cs#L36) 
1. Copy paste Inline image:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31851992/104083128-10f9a180-5262-11eb-8ee4-f15b0aa7c520.png)
This PR shows how to fetch these inline images. [TeamsFileUploadBot.cs#L58](https://github.com/Wajeed-msft/BotBuilder-Samples/blob/washaik/InlineImageUpload/samples/csharp_dotnetcore/56.teams-file-upload/Bots/TeamsFileUploadBot.cs#L58)

> 1. You can also send inline image in message compose section. This will part of attachments in Activity and requires Bot's access token to fetch the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can also send an inline image in the message compose section. This will be present in the attachments of the Activity and requires the Bot's access token to fetch the image.
```
